Okay, 17 February 2000, Nick Bazbanes at home in Grafton with Neil Griffin from London.
Is that a tape or is that a mini disc?
It's a nice kind of thing.
Okay, we're up and running now.
I would suggest the best thing to do would be for me to start because that will be shorter.
So, if I talk a little bit about my meeting with Jim Casper,
You can cross the ground with me on that, and, you know, for additional information on that.
Okay.
But for the purposes of my tape, I know who Hedman O'Moore is, but perhaps you could explain who Jim Casper is.
Yeah, Jim Casper is a man now in his, I would estimate, early 40s.
He lived in Newton, in Massachusetts.
He was a student at Brandeis University, contemporaneous, with David Waxman.
and michael davis who was a student of haven o'more's um courses which were conducted off campus for reasons we'll get into later and also sold um products from the shackley pyramid selling so he was which was which was happening um contemporaneously in fact um was an intrinsic part of the course and remind me later on
about Shagli because I do have some documentation on it.
Okay.
He was a filmmaker.
Yeah, and I don't know more, used him to make a film called Hatha Yoga Dashana.
Which we will be watching presently.
We will.
And it's a 35 minute one man show featuring pretty much yoga and only yoga.
He was also
sent up to North Dakota and Montana to make a movie for Haven No More.
Oh, that's new.
Yeah, to make a movie for Haven No More about, well, it was essentially about man and his relationship with Earth, but the environment in which it was being made was a union dispute, a labor dispute, and an environmental dispute with coal mining, coal and oil mining companies.
who were strip-mining the area under conditions of great secrecy.
And Jim Casper was sent off by Haven and was making a documentary about this.
I think... We don't have to go off on this.
No, but I think Haven's involvement in this was that he saw an opportunity to use this subject matter as a way of making a film about the ideal relationship between man and earth.
The movie did actually get made under...
very extreme conditions jim casper tells me and with very little money and he was actually infuriated later when he realized that michael davis was a multi-millionaire he had no inkling every time they were both at brandeis and that i even know more had access to this money let me get this straight uh he met davis at brandeis um casper knew of davis's existence but brett davis whether you know it or not went to harvard
Yeah, he was, but he came on.
He dropped out.
Yeah, he came on subsequently.
He met him, not at Randus, but at the courses for him.
At the courses for Shackley.
Michael met Haven, I can tell you.
And I get this from my attorney, who got it from Haven's attorney, because this was where we were going, about this relationship.
And he said, well, they met, Michael met Haven.
It's good.
Michael met Haven at a Shackley meeting.
while he was a student at Harvard.
And for me, that's like punching me in the nose.
It's like saying, I've looked everywhere to find all these people, these people I talked to in New York.
The young woman, remind me, I'll get you her name, Dawn Weldon, I believe.
Dawn Weldon.
She's in London.
She worked at her, I mean, Priscilla, Priscilla must have told you about her.
Steve Massey knows her.
They all know her.
There's a photograph of her and an article about John Fleming where she's walking in the back with a, I may have it sometimes.
Oh, really?
It's kind of cool.
Nice looking young man.
But in any case, I asked Florence.
She said, well, he disappeared.
He was a party animal.
He was fat.
We called him Falstaff.
That was his nickname.
And he disappeared.
He went away to school.
I said, where did he go to school?
She didn't know.
I mean, had she said everything?
It would have been so easy.
Why, you know, why it never occurred to me that this kid was at Harvard?
You know, it really does answer a lot of questions, by the way.
I mean, a lot of things now fit.
I mean, I don't have... I still haven't seen, and I'll show you the documents later, you know, that are the impounded files in Middlesex Superior Court.
But as horrific as the contents may be, they don't really...
They don't really drive me, motivate, energize me as they might because I think I know now what happened.
And my interest really for this book was to try and understand the dynamic that went into the formulation of this book collection.
And I'm sorry to be going off the track.
No, no, no.
But this is good.
Whatever order, we'll get it.
Yeah, yeah.
So anyway, go ahead.
So I understand who Casper is.
Yeah.
His company was called Inquiry Productions.
And he made an analysis of himself with the various coal companies up there in North Dakota.
Is this one copy?
Yeah, I thought we could do another one.
Hey, Nicky, Nicole?
Come here, sweetie.
Yes, dear.
Would you make two copies of this, please?
One for you and one for me?
Another one.
Okay.
Two copies of yours.
Two of each.
So we're going to give him a file clip.
So the movie got made.
It came back and he was putting it together.
He was editing it.
And it was a working copy.
He brought Michael Davis in to see it.
And Davis loved it.
Because Davis
Asper tells me was more, was familiar with post-production processes of film.
He knew that the scratches and the remarks on it were simply, you know, a work in progress.
And they were probably, you know, a few thousand dollars off finishing it.
They needed that money.
Um, Davis called Haven O'Moore and said, come over and see Phil.
We've got a, you know, we've got a rough class and we can show you.
And O'Moore, Casper is convinced, hated it because
He thought that's how it would look when it was finished.
And as a result, he washed his hands a bit, refused to advance any money for his completion.
I'm not following it.
Why did he hate it?
He saw a copy that was a working copy.
It was scratched.
He didn't understand that?
No matter what Casper said to him, he couldn't get it into his head that with the extra money, once the film had been finished properly and blocked off and everything,
you know, the film would look the way a film should.
Maybe it didn't glorify him in ways of the right of life.
O' Moore didn't say that, and Casper didn't either, but the implication was there.
It's possible that the movie he returned from North Dakota that O' Moore had envisaged.
And the result was that O' Moore washed his hands a bit.
No further money was forthcoming to complete the movie.
And this was 1974, right?
Yeah, O' Moore took the print.
Very interesting time period.
Caspar hasn't seen it since.
He hasn't seen it since.
So, but I don't think this is a matter of some... Nope, this is just... It's peripheral.
It's peripheral, I think, yeah.
Spearing everything.
At Brandeis, David Waxman was Caspar's roommate.
They had a big falling out.
They hadn't seen each other for, well, since then.
The falling out was over what Caspar saw as Waxman's slavish devotion to her mother.
Have you seen the pan that Waxman wrote to Hayman?
No, I've only seen extracts of it.
No, I have a full copy that you can have.
Great.
I spoke to Waxman at the book fair.
That's tough to get.
He wasn't speaking to me.
Yes, I know.
He wasn't giving me a copy.
Well, we have two copies here.
I mean, there's Xeroxes, but that's all I have.
That would be great.
But you should really see this.
I spoke to pretty much everyone at a book fair, with the exception of Waxman.
Waxman was surprised to hear that I was going to meet her more.
but still wanted to wait until O'Maw had met me.
He's terrified of O'Maw.
Yeah.
Still wanted to wait until O'Maw had met me to, um, decide whether or not he wanted to do something.
I mean, there's a fascinating little, there's a fascinating little story to Gentle Madness involving, uh, uh, David Laxman.
Uh, those who own the, the uncorrected page, the, the, the galleys of my book, it's a pretty, a pretty interesting thing to own.
I can certainly show it to you.
But in the first draft, which Waxman got a copy of, I don't know, we don't really know how, but I know how.
I'll see you through the original.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Okay, and then if you'd like to make a copy, you may have the answer.
Waxman had confirmed to me that Haven O'Moore's name originally was Haven Moore.
And that Haven O'Moore was a play on Have No More.
And he did that on tape, and I wrote that into the book.
When he got his hands on a copy of The Galleys, he went crazy.
He went ballistic.
He called my editor, he put in this, he put in that.
I was quoted out of context.
I never said this.
This is impossible.
I'm going to sue.
He would fuck his bad brains think he is.
I mean, you know, he's a quote.
I said, really now, really now, let's take it easy.
And then I really, really,
lacerated my editor's ass for letting copies of the proof get out, you know?
I mean, I said, there's some fiery stuff in here.
We really don't want the world getting your hands on it before we're in print.
Anyway, he said, why don't you talk to Waxman and work this out?
We're concerned here.
I said, fine.
I called Waxman on the phone.
He said, well, Mr. Baxter, David, before you say a word, I said, before you say a word, I said, let me play something for you, okay?
And so I played the tape recording of our telephone.
And he said, did you tape this?
I said, well, of course I did.
And I did it with your permission.
I did.
OK?
He doesn't remember that, but I did.
And I had work.
I said, now that we understand that I'm not misquoting it, and that I have my facts straight, I said, what's the problem now?
I said, it is so important for me not to have that go in your book.
He didn't want to be the one.
I said, well, you know what, my dad, David, I said, is that it?
Is that the biggest problem here?
He said, I'd like everything out of the book.
I said, well, guess what?
I said, that's not going to happen.
I said, you knew you were talking to a writer when he spoke.
I said, you knew you were being interviewed for a publication.
And I said, I've got you on tape, and I will use material that is pertinent to the book.
But, however, if this is something, I said, but having said that, now let's find out what the problem is and maybe we can lessen the blow.
He said, what he really did not want is his confirming the Haven War thing.
I said, is that it?
He said, yeah.
I said, fine, it's out.
I'm taking it out.
He said, you're going to do that?
I said, yeah.
I said, because, you know what?
I said, David, trust me, it's not because I'm such a nice guy.
I said, because I have confirmation from the federal government.
I've got it in their document.
An official communication in response to a freedom of information at query.
I said, confirming on the strength of a social security number, which is authentic, which I passed on to them, and they'd say the name he used when he was in the U.S.
Army was even more.
I said, so I don't need David Wacken.
But later...
You see, I think that this was a, then when the stuff came from Haven, he was denying that this was him, that I must have the wrong guy, not knowing that I knew about the Kansas thing.
If I don't have that deposition, Neil, I am, I mean, in my mind, this thing, I'll show you the letters that came in, that I had fabricated this, I was reckless, I was malicious, I was all of these things.
And if you didn't have the wrong guy, if I had gone into the Army in 1944, I would have only been fifteen years old.
Well, you'll see, you know, in this sworn deposition here, where he says, uh, he was fifteen years old.
Did you see combat in the Second World War?
A little bit.
Yes, that's a lie, by the way.
Where was that?
In the European theater.
Another lie.
What did you do after you were destroyed?
You came back, well, anyway, you see, this is all wrong.
I wandered around here.
When did you go, where did you go when you left home at age 13?
I wandered around for a couple of years and worked at many things and tried to survive and did end, obviously, and then went into the Army.
Would that have been, I'm just, this is a lawyer now, I'm just trying to do some eyeball mathematics.
Would that have been in what?
The early to mid-40s?
When you left around here, it would have been about the 40 years.
Where did you wander?
Oh, I wandered around Oklahoma, and I wandered around Kansas, and I wandered around South Texas.
All right, you went to be serviced at what age?
What did he say?
Fifteen.
Which branch?
The Army.
How long were you in?
Oh, about two, two and a half years altogether.
You see, he's very cagey.
He was in the Army for two and a half years altogether.
But that's total.
When he goes in later, it was Richard H. Moore.
When they found out he was fifteen years old, that explains, you see, now the whole thing makes perfect sense to me.
When they discovered that they had this fifteen-year-old kid in the Army,
They mustered him out.
But, you know, he's not a criminal.
You aren't angry that a young man wants to serve his country in wartime.
You don't make it hard on him.
You allow him to go out under the name by which he came in.
Am I right?
I mean, the documentation shows that.
It was an honorable discharge when they found out his age.
It was an honorable discharge, and that's why he buried the paperwork down in North Carolina.
A pattern, by the way,
which he learned from and which he used again, which is why it's so certain, when he was setting up the limited partnership here in Massachusetts and burying the paperwork, and I'm pointing west, 120 miles west of Poughkeepsie.
That's west.
That's what he did.
The same exact scenario, and guess what?
It worked.
It was good.
Well, to a degree, you know.
I mean, I'm not the one who broke it prior to the dissolution of the book collection.
Somebody found that stuff.
But here you go.
You can have this.
This is fantastic.
That would be great.
If I didn't have this, if it wasn't for my appearance on C-SPAN, I'd have been in the wedding spirit.
Maybe I did get it wrong.
I wouldn't have known.
I mean, it wouldn't have occurred to me that he lied about his age and ended at the age of 15.
And he didn't know I had this when he came.
And so then when I lied, I said, guess what?
We know about the Kansas case.
He ran away.
I asked Hayden about his war record, about his early years of war record.
Yeah, that's yours.
Thank you.
And we'll collate it before you go with the original.
I think that goes on for the pages.
If not, we'll copy the other ones to make sure you have the whole thing.
Hayden talked only of, he segued from talking about his childhood and his relationship with his father into Korea.
Want to see a picture of him when he was in the service?
I'd love to see a picture of him.
Go ahead.
I'm teasing you.
It's going to be a long day, isn't it?
He talks of going into a servicing career in...
The Korean War broke out during the 23rd 50.
He was in his unit two days after that.
An infantry unit.
Before that he'd been at Fort Benham in Georgia.
Airborne training and Ranger training.
Then he was dispatched after graduating.
He shipped to China in 1948.
He left China to avoid the communist invasion in 1949.
When he left to avoid the communist invasion in 1949, he went to Japan and then Korea.
He enlisted in the army because of the economic state in the US.
At the time, he says he was selling women's shoes, he was being an elevator boy, he was living on 75 bucks a month.
He took him past exams for direct army commission, he chose the infantry, went to Benning.
where he had infantry training, he said.
So that's three different versions of training he had at Benning College, Georgia, and that's within the space of a sort of 10-15 minute conversation.
He was also tired of university life, he says, at that time he was also at French University in Wichita.
He says that in Korea he was at the scene of, this is a direct quotation, the heaviest military combat ever faced by U.S.
forces.
Is that Joe's arm?
Yeah, but it's not true.
I'm simply
I've got to ignore that.
He was there versus the Chinese, and he subsequently, having survived that, served General Willoughby, who was MacArthur's chief of intelligence.
Thank you.
He was in charge of a section that was providing daily intelligence briefings on the Korean front, and the report was taken to MacArthur, who checked it, sent it to Washington from the chief of staff and the president.
He says that MacArthur and Willoughby asked him to stay in the army.
He declined even after an offer of promotion to Major.
He was charged with taking a top-secret document to India and was told to consider himself discharged once he delivered it.
That's the history of his military service.
We've got his VA records yet.
Nicole, please.
Do you want a review of the movie?
Two pages of each.
This is going to be tough, so really put it way down.
I think before lunch we were talking about Hagan and Moore's version of his documentary record as opposed to the one that you had.
I put them on the stairs, but they're gone now.
Okay, maybe they're in here.
Did you get a copy of this?
Yep, I'll just read.
Okay, let me just...
We might have to make sure that it's logical.
Well, this is how it came to me.
It is up a piece of microphone.
We could take these, but... Yeah, they take us at the best.
Yeah, that's the best.
Now, this was sent to us, but it is very good.
You really want to have this.
It's obviously from a negative.
It's Richard Haven Moore, Austin, Texas.
Can you make that out?
Yeah.
This is the one I got.
And then down below is the official name change which he did here in Massachusetts to Heyman O'Moore.
Alright, so let's superimpose on the original book.
They were put together.
These were given to my lawyer by his lawyer.
Amazing.
These were documents I was trying to find for years and handed over to him.
That's what it is.
Can you make out these numbers?
That's very important.
One, six, four, five, six.
Well, now you have the official document where he became Haven O. Moore from Richard H. Moore.
And this is filed where?
Is this the Central Bureau?
That is in Boston, Massachusetts.
That is actually Middlesex, Court of Middlesex, which is Cambridge.
Probate court, so that's right in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Richard Haven Moore.
There's his birth date down there, where he was born, and then that's what the name is changed to, and then the filing number is 16457.
And is this freely available to anyone who's requesting it?
These are public records.
But you have to know where they are.
Is that merely American citizens, or could anyone from the United States?
Anyone from the United States?
Anyone.
I agree with that.
These are public records.
Okay.
And I didn't have these when I wrote General Madness.
Not that they were necessary, but what he really had here is the documentation on his identity.
So there was a very important document, yeah.
There was quite a long period of time where he was known as Habermann Moore, but not officially.
That's the point.
For example, the movie was made in 73.
And when you have an opportunity to read the deposition, he will tell you that he went through life
calling himself Haven O'War, when in fact he was really calling himself Haven O'War.
Maybe he was calling himself Haven O'War, but he changed the name legally in 1974 to Haven O'War.
Now I have a theory as to why he did this at that particular time, even though he may well have been calling himself Haven O'War for many years prior to that.
The answer is very simple.
The answer is that he had just met Michael Davis,
And as you will see, when I have the other documents here, when they started doing property transactions, when they started establishing the Dolphin Realty Trucks, when they started establishing the Institute of Traditional Science, which Michael was the principal of.
Michael was the money and all of these things.
Clearly, Haven's name was going to appear on any of these documents.
He wanted it to appear as Haven O'Moore, but the only way he could do that legally is to be named, to be Haven O'Moore.
And so now, even though he had been calling himself by that name for all these years, so he claims
That's when he legally changed the name.
But it was really, I believe, done to expedite the transactions with Davis.
Once Davis had taken that hook, once Haven had seen for the cleanification he had landed, worth millions and millions of dollars, I mean, a con man's greatest dream come true, which is what this guy is.
He's a snake oil sales and so on, Shackley Products.
That's what he is.
What he has now found is Michael Davis, and they set about doing the things that I've documented in that case in Cambridge, which is fully impounded.
You ask if you can go and see these records?
Of course you can.
You should also be able to go to that courthouse and see that case file.
This is egregious.
This violates every law that we have.
Our courts, as are yours, this is not the Stark Chamber.
This is done
in a superior court, and the public has allowed to come in and examine, to observe and to examine.
And they have impounded the whole thing.
Let me pick your brain, American law, or as much as you know about it, because whatever it is, it's going to be more than me.
What steps have to be taken in order to take public documents out of the public domain?
How would this have been done?
You mean to see the records?
No, to prevent other people seeing the records.
How would that case have been taken out of public domain?
I've been an investigative journalist now.
I've been a journalist for 30 years.
I've got a few awards to document my facility.
I've never seen anything like it.
Lawyers I talk to don't believe it.
Another guy called me, another lawyer,
He said he was going to try and see if he could find out about this stuff.
Nobody has ever heard of this.
The fact that you can impound a whole case like that, it's unheard of.
To answer your question, what does it take?
I think it takes money and influence.
That's what it takes.
I'm not suggesting bribery here, but I'm certainly suggesting a tremendous amount of influence by very, very influential people on both sides, plaintiff and defendant,
You see, it was not in the best interest of either side of this dispute to have the differences aired.
Generally speaking, somebody's got an agenda here where it serves my purposes to have this thing come out in the public.
It didn't serve the best interest of the Davises, and it didn't serve the best interest of... I think that's incidental, isn't it?
Because you went along to...
When you were researching the book, a gentleman, you went along to the Middlesex Superior Court to see the records.
You went away, they told you to come back in two weeks or whatever.
When you came back, the whole case had disappeared.
Now, clearly there was great animosity between O'Moore and the Davis family at the time of the case.
I don't believe they colluded in keeping it out of the public.
No, I think they did.
Do you?
Yeah, I can prove it.
I can prove it.
You can prove it, I'll stop talking, because it seems to me that the Davis side of the case... This is now an impounded document.
The day I suspected that there was a case called Davis, individual and as trustee,
We will make you a copy of this.
There's a statement or more, an individual, and a trustee at all.
Nobody else has seen this.
These are the counsels for the defendant.
Look at all the friggin' lawyers here.
Dittler, Leland, Huntington, Woodard Leader.
This is a major... They're both at 60 states.
I mean, isn't that kind of a touch of irony?
This is... This is tail and door.
What's the number one biggest, most famous law firm in London?
That's the equivalent here in Boston.
This is a retainer of $20,000 just to sit down on the desk and tell them what you want them to do.
This now is an impounded... Is that a jury, Charles?
You're not trying to tell you.
This is a case.
This is a commonwealth of Massachusetts.
I don't know.
I don't know whether it's a hearing in front of a judge or with a jury.
It's a jury.
They're a juror.
You see, this is called the docket sheet.
What we're doing is reading...
The summary of the case and various outlines.
So on January 29, 1988, number one was a complaint with demand for jury trial.
It doesn't mean there was a jury trial.
That was the first item that was plaintiff's motion for appointment of a temporary receiver for the affairs of the Garden Limited Institute of Traditional Science and the Dolphin Realty Trust.
So you see, when I had these, I know where to look.
And you'll see later that, thank God I got this, because...
Later, this whole thing was impounded.
8888-635.
That means 1988, this is in the Superior Court of Massachusetts, Middlesex County, and case number 635, Davis v. O'Moore.
Now, if you go and you ask to see that case now,
What you're going to find is this 12 pages, so we're going to make you a full copy of that.
And this is what you also want.
We'll have to make sure I have another copy of it before you go.
I think I do, but if not, we'll send the call downstairs to make another copy of it.
These are all documents that are now out of the register.
You will copy these, anything you want.
Okay, okay, but to jump ahead.
There was a demand for not a jury trial.
Now listen, you've got to see this.
Now I go back a couple weeks, I go in, I see this docket sheet.
I make a copy.
And the elephant?
Okay.
Sorry, guys.
Would you prefer that thing?
If we just get the wax mints, just so we know that there's a second copy?
Yeah.
Anything I give you, I've got to, I mean, just don't go far away now.
I won't.
There it is.
Copy that from the bottom up.
All right.
Bottom up.
Okay.
Thank you.
Copy this too.
Now I'll make you get your better one.
This is not that good.
Now I go back.
Yeah, now look.
Even the name.
The whole thing is impounded.
You go into this courthouse now and you ask to see the darkened sheet for 8-8-6-3-5.
I said, I want a certified copy of this blank sheet of paper.
You're going to pay $2.50 for a blank piece of paper?
I said, yes, I am.
And the woman says, and I said, trust me, I really am.
I really want a certified copy of this blank sheet of paper, you know, because I'm getting screwed.
And nobody's been kissing me.
I mean, I'm getting, you know, remember that line?
And Doug, yeah, yeah.
You guys just kiss me, kiss me.
What are you talking about?
He says, I'm getting fucked up.
I'm getting fucked up.
That is the judge somebody gave us to me.
Oh, right.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, that is she.
Okay.
Now, we will make that.
I've got so many copies of this.
I'm trying to find it.
Let's see.
You can have this.
We'll probably make you another.
But why—oh, this is a whole sequence of the darker sheets.
Why?
You say to me, how do I know they colluded?
All right.
Case starts January 29, 1988.
On April 7th, 1989, thirteen months or so later, this is it.
This is typed in.
After all this other stuff has been handwritten, you have to read these very carefully, because this is the words out of stone.
This is where you get Gutierrez's name.
This is where you get his father's name, Leonard Davis.
And this is an official public document, so I can use this with impunity.
You understand?
I mean, I can put this in print and nobody can bust my balls on it, because this is a public document.
But at the end of the case, they reached a resolution, an out-of-court agreement.
So that's not going to—the judge does not have to rule.
The smart money says that they were going to fine against Hayden, but if he continued to fine.
But apparently it was made clear to him that he continued to believe that there will be criminal charges filed.
We're going to let you off because the Davises did not want
How do I know this?
All right, this is it.
We're reaching now.
Depositions outside the commonwealth have been taken, motions, blah, blah, blah.
You'd have to figure out who these people are.
It's been a few years since I've looked at this, but this is very important.
Stipulation regarding disclosure of confidential information.
On April 29, 1988, the parties by their respective counsel
entered into a stipulation to protect the confidentiality of certain information.
They signed to it, they agreed to it, which is why I knew that there's no way in the world, even no more, could ever come and sue me for anything, because then I would say, we are going to demand that you open up that case.
And if I think of that, he would be violating this confidentiality agreement.
that he entered into with the Davises, by which I believe they gave him money to shut up and get the hell lost.
Yeah.
I think that's... Just keep on going.
Whenever he says, I'm reluctant to be involved in this because of my privacy, he's under a legal requirement.
Read it.
You can have this.
Pursuant to the stipulation, the parties have agreed to limit disclosure of documents and other materials which identify and describe the rape books
That must be rare books.
Rare books and documents purchased by any of the parties in accordance with the terms of the parties now decide into discussions with self-abuse concerning the possible sale by self-abuse.
And as we assist them, we will give them... The parties hereby agree that the listing of rare books and manuscripts... See, Christy Stephen did the... So all they're agreeing to is that they can talk about the books to help them to sell.
Parties may disclose other information regarding rare books, but everything else, except for the disclosures disclosed with it, the stipulations shall remain in full force and effect.
Which he also watched out of it, Mr. Big Sartegy, when you were there, and the dice running up.
Well, not really.
I think Stephen told me what he did, because he was pissed off furiously that he lost the sale to Self-Adese.
He didn't know about what was in his statue.
You can have this.
That's yours.
That's pretty nice.
that's okay that's the whole thing and we will collate it against and if you want you know the shoots are this longer and when i copied this i didn't have a copy machine have you got a copy of this okay the appraisal by the way the appraisal i think you're saying the book i'll have a look the appraisal didn't take place in bangles it took place at most house oh i'm not so sure about that steven master said he took place at most okay um he said that um
Because, I mean, I remember this particularly, because he's the only guy who has given me any sort of money.
Yeah, I think so.
I think so.
You know what?
I think they did bring them from the bank.
They brought them to the house.
They all had to take their shoes off.
It was a Japanese-style house.
I think so.
That's right.
That's right, yeah.
Okay, I'm sorry to go off like that.
No, you know, you've got... But you also have to get a copy of the impounded document.
That's also...
So this is the history of the rioters.
That's the key.
That was subsequently impounded when you went back.
That is now an impounded document.
What you're holding now, even though it is an official public document, is now impounded by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Subsequent to, and I'll show you the letters, and it was impounded only, well, this you've got to have, but it doesn't have a copy of it.
That's a copy of the Power of Attorney that Michael Davis gives to Hayden.
Oh, yeah.
Have you got this?
This is very important.
This you may not be able to get now, because the Massachusetts... It used to be that our driver's license numbers were also... Oh, aren't you sweet!
Thank you very much.
I got these all over the place.
It used to be that our social security number, which it says right there, our social security number is also your license number.
Driver's licenses in the United States are public documents.
They're sort of IDs.
They are IDs, but they're also public documents.
You can go right now to the Registry of Motor Vehicles and pay $5 and get a copy of my driver's license.
I've changed it so my social security number, they now allow you to do that.
I mean, I learned myself that I could do it legally.
I said, shit, I don't want people to only get my social security number.
But this is how I got the Social Security number.
So you see, for him to claim that I got the wrong guy, I didn't get the wrong guy.
You can have that.
That's the Social Security number.
Here's the actual value.
Now, I didn't block this stuff out.
Now, what is confidential?
This is the one.
This is the actual original.
I also got Lorea here, by the way.
You don't need Lorea, but here she is.
This is Lorea's Social Security number.
In Massachusetts,
Dave walked out the height of the date of birth, you know, if there was a weight there.
So that turned out to be a very key thing.
I would have been nice to have had that date of birth in 29.
Yeah, because I might have thought twice about putting that military stuff in, you know.
It would have been 15 years old.
I might have said, I've got a problem here, you know.
I've got a problem here.
I'm convinced it's the same guy, but if I had that date of birth,
So there's no negligence on my part.
If anyone wants to accuse me of recklessness, negligence is the criteria that you have to apply with.
I don't know what the rules are in the UK, but if somebody is guilty of libel, by the way, first of all, you have to be wrong.
Number two, you have to be reckless.
Number three, you have to be negligent.
This is the burden of proof that is incumbent upon the plaintiff in the libel suit.
First of all, I have to be wrong.
Second of all, I have to have impugned your integrity and your good name.
Third, I have to have acted in reckless disregard of the truth, and I have to have been malicious on top of all that.
Well, I think you'll see here that I, here's a letter.
This is typed in a Daisy Wheel printer.
I got rid of ten years ago.
This is the letter, and this is when he was Dr. O'Moore.
This is the letter, the first letter I sent to O'Moore asking, I have to copy that.
For him to say, I never contacted him, that was sent by a certified male, by the way.
Okay, so this needs copying.
If you want that.
If you're prepared to... Yeah, and here it is.
This is the long one.
This is the one we will copy for you.
This is the one that presents the sheet.
That's the one I love, because that's a great conversation.
And what we will do... They're all long, by the way.
I've given you one that sticks.
You and I will do these.
We'll have to feed them on paper.
This is stuff you ought to know about.
The Division of Public Charities, you find out if it's a public charity, you go to the Department of the Attorney General of Boston Institute of Traditional Science.
This is where you find out what the Department of Traditional Science was, the reports, the taxes they paid, like in $476.
I mean, this is a cost, you know, this is a money they take.
This is very interesting.
Yeah, see, this is Davis.
Here is the IRS who came.
You know, in the U.S.
Institute of Judicial.
Yeah, that's a public record.
That's a public record.
Because it's a charitable organization.
Of course.
For him to claim, you see, if he were to come at me and say, I have a problem, as he's saying to you now.
He's not an individual, but he's not.
He's not.
Once you claim... Pardon my Greek, really.
No, no, no, no.
I don't follow that word.
Once you are a private foundation, which is, it's a traditional sign, you are required by law to file your tax return, which is known as a 990-PF public foundation, with not only with the IRS, which is with Federal Internal Industry, but also with the Attorney General of the state.
That's why I'm invited to go get this.
Attorney General of the public foundation.
I haven't done it since 1990.
If you'd better ask you to be here another day or two, we'd go again.
Don't get ready.
Yeah, there's no problem.
We can do it anytime.
It's there.
You walk in.
You ask to see it.
You give the name, the number.
There's a number right here, wherever it is.
Yeah, you shouldn't write that down.
That's a federal ID number.
That's a very important task.
Well, if you're calling to—you go in there and you ask, I'd like to see the file for a 04-2577162.
You know, a piece of cake, a computer, right?
This kind of stuff.
Really, here's another one.
This is another one.
This is from Florida.
This is the Leonard and Sophie Davis Foundation.
Now they're talking money, you know.
This is nothing.
This is just stuff that they, this is for one year, this is what they just did for this year.
Dividends.
You see what I'm saying?
Why do I have this?
Because when they forced Haven, when Michael was leaving, you'll find it's that bracketed here, paperwork.
It might even be here.
They get a check for $200,000 to a traditional sign.
Look at the value here.
$19 million.
This is nothing.
This is money that they do, they give out for scholarships and stuff.
Twenty million.
Twenty million dollars.
And there are increases now.
There are increases.
Some of these increases.
Oh, come on, where is it?
Is this the one?
It's also an exception.
Well, there's an item here where they've got a check for two hundred and forty thousand dollars.
What year is this?
89.
Well, it might be 89.
Yeah, it is.
You were asking how I know that Michael was in... That's the one I've been looking for.
I've been running...
Now, this is Kansas a few years ago, but I would say that it's pretty difficult.
Do you know who Allen Dyches is, brother?
That's a brother, yeah.
But again, I haven't.
I didn't go after the Davis's, you know.
I was scared.
Yeah, well, I'm not going near them until I've got a great big league.
But I think you want coffee to this.
You want the whole family?
That would be great, yeah.
I mean, as much as you're happy sharing with me.
Oh, this is Papa Sarkis.
Then it shows me the...
Nicky!
You're all right.
Oh, yes.
You want this whole thing?
I mean, you don't mind yourself.
Sweetie, I'm sorry, but this is a big one.
Do this all from the back.
Do it from the back.
You don't have to take it apart.
So I know how to do it.
If you can take it apart, take it apart.
But if you take it apart, I want it to take it back together again in this order.
The originals come back to me.
This we will make a copy of.
This is, if you were to call North Carolina right now, they wouldn't give this to you over the phone.
I had to get a lawyer down there to go over and get this black hair for me.
But this is fantastic.
You see, when the government sent this to me, and they sent me the report, this is just a hunch, you see, generally speaking back in the 40s and the 50s.
And Haven does this again, by the way, where he has this department space, which to me was a key pick.
They go, even though you get this document from the government, he went and he recorded it in the Registry of Deeds.
To make it, I think, official that this is where I get out of the service, and here it was, and nobody's ever going to find it.
So when I got that other document from the government that said he was mustered out in wherever it was, North Carolina, I called the courthouse down there, and they had this, but they wouldn't give it to me on the phone.
So I got a lawyer who went and he got it.
Here's his document.
the Army of the United States, the Honorable District, and that's the score by the Haven Moore, the service member, private, first company, blah, blah, blah.
We'll make a copy of that.
I'm going to have time to look at that?
Yeah, sure.
That's not in Haven's hand, by the way.
No.
This is 44.
Yeah, yeah, that's, all it does is, Haven is suggesting that I've got the wrong Haven Moore there.
When enlisted or inducted, he was twenty— Yeah, that's in the book.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But it also says, about a profession of harm, save my ass.
I believe this document—just believe that this document was actually constructed to obfuscate him.
And it was registered down there because, hey, he was a kid.
He wasn't—he was trying to serve his country in wartime.
You don't want to criminalize the young lad for this.
You're happy.
You say, hey, you know, you're too young, son.
Come on back in a couple years.
We'd love to have you back in the army.
You don't want to send this kid to prison.
You don't want to impugn his name forever.
You do want to show some compassion, right?
So what they did, clearly, they certainly gave him an arrow to stretch under the name of Haven Moore, which he says in the deposition that is the name he used from the age of 13 on,
And obviously you're going to lie about your age to go into the army.
You're not going to use your real name, which is Richard H. Moore, which is readily discernible.
If you're 18, you use the name of Haven Moore, and you say, I'm 18.
I swear, they find we need warm bodies to go to Normandy anyway to take him.
Then they find out that he's a baby, and they let him out.
But you see, all right, they said he couldn't read.
He had to sign him to the next.
character.
Unreadable.
Very interesting.
What do you mean you don't—what's not readable?
I'm looking for that.
This one kind of scared me a little bit.
He was a farmer.
He had brown eyes.
Why would he have said that he couldn't have black eyes?
You don't want a signature or not?
Well, because I think
I mean, that's not going to cite you.
Well, because it's David Moore.
He's really Richard H. Moore.
Well, he's going to say, I'm dumb.
I'm illiterate.
He's not signing his name to any document.
That's a lie.
I think he's got some really good advice there.
I think they enabled him and allowed him to get out without hurting himself in the future.
And then when he finally does go back into the military again, a couple of years later, and he goes to Korea, he goes in as Richard H. Moore.
Everything military you're going to find now is Richard H. Moore.
Not even Richard.
Richard H. Moore.
You see?
Well, but it says here that he's colored.
That's what I'm trying to find in it right now.
How about the big one?
You going to do the big one?
We'll do this later.
I'll get big papers so we can make it large.
I'll give that.
And here is, here is, here is, in fact, I've got big paper.
So this is the original document.
This is just, this is the key.
This, this, this, and it allows general madness.
This to me, that is what I bought that day.
That's the paper that came on.
That is the document.
That is the now impounded document.
I've got paper this big.
You can print this.
Yeah, we'll do it.
I have Nicole.
The one I gave you is like this.
Ask me some questions if you want.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Do you have this?
These are the exponents.
Yeah.
I certainly want condom, because I already have the catalog, but without the estimates, I know the estimates.
You got a memo?
Okay.
All right, here's a comment.
We've got a copy of this, but you should definitely have a copy of this.
This is the letter I wrote to the Chief Superior Judge in charge of demanding that they allow me access to these public records.
This is the letter I get back.
This letter is in response to a letter to this office stated, December 3rd, 1989, concerning Exit Davis, Middle Six, blah, blah, blah.
According to First Assistant Court, this case has been impounded and is not available for us.
So they have impounded it after a journalist has asked to see it, not before.
So it's political, and it's personal, and it's got nothing to do... I mean, it had not been impounded prior to this.
It was impounded only when a person was exercising...
his legal right to examine public records that it was impounded.
And this is the absolute documental secret.
We could have that.
That doesn't have to be copy, because I have to copy from it all along.
You've got copies of both of them?
That I don't have.
We'll have to copy that.
We'll just put it over there and copy it.
Yeah, right.
This is just one file.
Would you like a copy of Haven's card?
Can we give you one?
No phone number.
You should get the David Waxman card, too.
That's the best mind and the best interest.
Do it about the one thing.
I'll put the paper with it.
Hey, dear Dr. O'Moore.
I'm going to call him Dr. O'Moore.
There's better be a side friend.
I thought I might put them in the variety, if that's okay with you.
No, I mean, I don't know.
I work a long time.
I think I'd say you'd say three years or five years.
You know, I've been sitting up here just on this chapter.
It's a very, you know, it's very generous of you to share the work.
Well, I don't know.
That's a lot of footwork, isn't it?
And in some respects, I mean, the footwork wouldn't have been any useful.
No, yeah, look, here's another copy of the big one, but we may not even have the copy.
Oh, great, okay.
Well, if you've got more than one copy already, then I'll just want to mention it.
When I spoke to Jim Casper yesterday, I was right.
When I warned you off, you know, deflected you away from coming with me, I was right.
When I got there, he was quite surly.
Quite difficult.
He thought that I was either from the IRS or from another area of
I even owe Moore's life that he didn't know about and didn't much want to.
And basically he didn't believe my story.
He believed me by the end and he was very courteous and very helpful and we established a good working relationship, but I think it was a good move.
But he did insist that I didn't take any... I didn't take the conversation.
You wouldn't allow it.
No.
So everything... He gave you the film.
Yeah, he's got more than one copy.
And he's given me that one.
I mean, the deal was that I run him off a copy on the internet.
Okay, you can do one for me, too.
I can do that, and I'll do it.
See, these are the names I was telling you about.
This is interesting.
I don't know who the hell this guy is.
I don't know anything about him.
And I don't know who this guy is either.
But these were directors of the Institute of Traditional Sciences.
See, that's a mail drop.
Michael never looked up in England, I'm sure.
Who these guys are, I checked them out.
They did have phone numbers, but I never followed through on it.
The best way to check that would be to get through Jim Casper, because they may well turn up with you.
Yeah, whatever.
But I didn't see it as a prudent... Well, again, we can copy stuff I can do before I even leave.
Yeah, but...
So you want copies of this too, right?
No, I'll just take down the names now.
But this is, by the way, the Institute of Traditional Science.
Yeah, just, it's worth a punt.
I bet that a lot of the names we don't know are contemporaries of Jim Casper.
And since David Watkins isn't talking, and we're not going near Michael Davis, Jim Casper is the only link we have to that period.
If I were working with you, I would just, if I were being asked for my advice on this, by the way,
I would go, I would approach Michael Davis.
At the end.
Yeah, I'm going to approach him through, I mean, we need him.
But after you get this thing put together, it's called a killer, you know, I mean, don't worry for the killer when you've got everything else set up.
I'm fine for now, thank you, honestly.
No, we're fine.
Thank you very much.
What's, Antoine?
Yeah, I'm in the glass now.
Hold on.
Don't forget, this is a few years ago.
Actually, not that long ago.
Here you go.
This is 1990, so it's 10 years ago, 15 years ago.
Okay.
This is the tax return.
Yeah.
The annual report of the history of the tradition.
Love that.
And here it is again, James Lowell.
Again, this is also McConnell from that.
This is another report where they show up.
same names.
James H. Lowell II of Westwood, Mass.
Now Boone, you know.
These are officers.
This is the 89 annual report.
This is the 90 annual report.
This one here, which is 19—I see, but they're not on there, so they're officers.
This is very early.
Remember you asked me about the check?
You definitely want a copy of that.
That's how they paid for their fee.
That's a copy of a check.
What is it?
To the traditional science.
That's their check.
What's this for?
Twenty-five bucks.
They paid their fee to the estate.
They had the copy of the check there.
I copied the check.
It cost me a quarter.
Just put it on that file.
Just if you want a copy of the check, that's all.
Here's my receipt.
Secretary of State.
Again, more into the traditional science.
Which is the Secretary of the Attorney General's report.
I got them for every year.
I don't know what that means.
It's just the annual report that you have to file if you are a non-profit agency.
And what I'm looking for is—what I'm really looking for is one where they write out a check, a letter to the Sophie Davis Foundation.
That's how I found out the letter to the Sophie Davis Foundation.
You've got to read these things so damn carefully, you know?
Now, go ahead.
Any questions?
Go ahead.
So you've got the class concerns only up to 90.
He has an unlisted number, but he has to publish his number in this ad.
If you're, again, you have to print an ad in the paper that you are this non-profit organization.
So I never, nobody could argue that I used a list of needs to get an unlisted number.
Which number is it?
It's his number.
Yeah, of course it is.
We'll call it right now.
661-2708, yeah.
All right, and you see, this is how we work.
This is very, that's a letter to the Sophie Davis Foundation.
That's from the Foundation Report.
If, you know, as far as you know, I mean, is this... Oh, totally.
Is Michael Davis involved?
I showed you that.
I mean, yeah, apart from, I mean, actively involved.
He's an heir.
He's one of the officers.
That's where we got his address, from the Lennon.
But this is also, we put in the foundation directory, it's called.
All right.
This is the last big file we have here.
Again, this is another copy of the discharge.
I did have another copy of the Judge Mason letter, but I thought I didn't.
As you can see, numerous multiple copies of this thing.
What's the structure that became what it was?
Oh, you absolutely have to have this.
There's a little document overlay there.
No, that's the mother of love.
That's the document.
If you don't take that, then you're wasting your time.
That's the second most important document next to me.
Well, you also have the power of attorney that makes this possible.
This is where Michael agrees to give him everything in perpetuity, and he waives his right to ever sign his name.
It's everything.
And this is the thing, this is the document that is recorded out in Millerton, New York.
Now, did I give you the power of attorney?
I think it's in the list.
This is the whole set.
This is the certificate of limited partnership.
What does it say on page two?
You might just be able to keep that.
Series 0.5.
We also want the amendment to the certificate of limited time.
Let's look at what this amendment does.
Is that when more money is getting published?
Yeah.
See, and these are the ads that they had to publish.
And it's that in the Poughkeepsie Journal.
Yeah.
Okay.
So this makes me... Look at this.
He had, I mean, is there a formal spring between him and Davis prior to the establishment of the government limited that it may be?
You want it in this regard?
No, the words of the Dolphin Realty Trust.
Okay, so the books prior to the establishment of the government limited in 1983 were brought through the Dolphin Realty Trust with Michael Davis.
At this particular point in 1983, Michael has now been around him for eight or nine years.
At this point, he's either totally mind-controlled or drugged.
I'm not making this up.
At this point, he's signing over his life to this guy and all of his money.
And it is at this point that the big buying in the Garden Limited starts.
Now Haven can do anything he wants without even dealing with it.
He's got drugged and living in an apartment next door.
keeping him alive, probably.
Think what you want.
I believe that.
What I want to do is get something clear.
That's why these files are remounted.
Do you think that Davis was a drug addict of his own volition, or do you think he was kept drugged by Omar?
It's an important distinction.
I think he was kept drugged by Omar.
I think that he was either influenced if you read,
We got a letter here from Haven's lawyer.
It's fantastic.
It's unbelievable.
It's when they were going to, they wanted, they were threatening, they wanted $15 million from me and my publisher.
And they went through the whole chapter, and they were quoting this person saying, these are damaging words about Haven.
None of it was, everything, I was quoting people accurately, but Haven said this in the library.
The one statement they never, never, never,
Never.
You have both mentioned.
I'll just keep a copy of the book.
There's the one where I am driving in the car with Bob Nightcourt, who is dead.
And Bob says... And this is the thing.
This is the one that scared me the most.
It was hearsay.
This is the one statement that's not based on anything.
And it's a guy who's dead.
But I knew it was true.
That's why I put it in the book.
I knew it was true.
Come on, where's the Nykirk?
Oh, come on.
I'm sorry, I don't know where we go.
All right, here we go.
Here we go.
I'll read it.
The morning of the sale, November 9th, 1989, the late Robert L. Nykirk, librarian of the Grolier Club.
He's dead now.
He died of AIDS, in fact.
And I took a cab to Southerby's, and that's relevant.
It's not just a piece.
His lover was a guy at self-abuse.
This is between us.
Yeah.
Which is why what I'm about to read to you is not just hearsay.
Bob Nightkirk, his lover, was a major, I don't know what he did at self-abuse, but he was a big deal at self-abuse, which handled the sale.
And I took the cab to self-abuse for a look at the books to be sold that night.
As we move through heavy east side traffic, Nykerk speculated about the garden collection.
He, by the way, would not allow me to record, but I took notes furiously.
There's something very fishy about this sale, he said.
What everyone is hearing is that Mr. Davis paid the bills, but he never saw the books.
Mr. Davis paid out millions of dollars, and he was never allowed to see his own books.
How this happened, nobody seems to know.
But what I hear is that he was beguiled.
All right?
I think I've heard of him.
Yeah, you have.
I understand where Night Kirk is coming from right now.
I mean, ask who Bob Night Kirk's companion was.
You'll find out that it was a guy itself at least.
What he hears, have you read what Mr. O'Moore says in the catalog, that all these books were going into his cosmic library?
Remember we were talking about heaven and stuff?
The man obviously is a nut, but people who are crazy, and they did pick up on that quote,
But people who are crazy can also be very bright.
And nobody denies that this man or more has a feeling for books.
But what was it?
Something religious?
Hypnotism?
Brainwashing?
Too many diet pills?
He never questioned this.
Haven never questioned this.
You know why?
Because this is on the money.
This is on the money.
This is what it was.
Where's the original, Mac?
Thanks.
Okay.
These are the things people are asking, and they are quite serious.
Nobody knows except Sotheby's.
And they're not talking to anyone.
It's unique in the history of book collecting.
Well, I'll show you the letter from them.
You think they ever questioned that?
That I repeated these scurrilous rulers?
They wouldn't question it because they were true.
That's why.
That's why they didn't challenge me on that, because that is what is in that file.
How do I know?
I don't know.
Let's go and steal it.
All right, next question.
Let me go through.
I understand who Bob Nightkirk is.
Bob Nightkirk, they've been at the Closure Club on the River.
That's like the Roxburgh Club when it's here.
That's our version of your Roxburgh Club.
It's a very fancy club of bibliophiles.
When you come here sometime, I'll bring you there.
We were in New York.
Bob was the librarian and director for twenty years.
His companion was a guy in self-abuse.
He was telling me there was coming straight from self-abuse.
And we were going in the cab, we were going in the taxi over the day of the sale.
Half an hour later, as well, I'm confronted by Haver and Omar.
This is the talk that's going on.
Where the hell is this guy, Omar?
What's going on?
And the thing is, the people in self-abuse knew the whole story.
They had to know.
That's another place you ain't going to get any help, isn't it?
You're not, but... I thought that was my riskiest paragraph on the whole chapter.
Well, you can see, I've annotated it.
Underline the guile, because the guile sounds like a euphemism.
That's what Bob was saying.
I felt I was taking my greatest risk with that paragraph because I am dealing in speculation here.
Hearsay.
And I said, the hell with it.
That's what the guy said.
I'm confident in the quotes.
I'll tell you now.
Let me tell you something else now.
When Nightcourt gave me the quotes, I was not supposed to use his name.
I was supposed to be an end name source.
But then he died.
But then he died, and I said, screw it, I'm using his name.
My words no longer apply to a dead man.
Now, I don't want to be embarrassed by this, but I'm telling you
how strongly I felt about that quote.
I don't want to go on record as saying I never betray my word, but I also felt that I had a dead man here.
And I also felt that if I put that in there without an attribution, I weakened my position drastically.
And because the man was dead, I attributed it to him, and I had not heard a peep.
a peep from anyone questioning it, from anywhere, because it's on the money.
So let's get to the nugget of the reason that the case was encountered.
You think the thing that the Davises are most concerned does not get out is just a fact that their son was acting under the inducement of drugs.
Would you like it known that your kid went to Harvard?
dropped out uh became brainwashed probably engaged in homosexual uh activities with the person which is what i you know that that that used drugs that was brainwashed it turned over his fortune and it had to be it had to be rescued by a by a squadron of pinkerton but there is a difference there is a difference between um taking drugs in the youth having a joint having a drop in acid well in the early 70s whatever and being drugged
Well, now you're asking me to speculate what's in the records, and I can only speculate on what I think.
That's why public records should be public.
That's why we should be able to go in there and see what's in there.
Why should we be guessing about this?
This is not a private matter.
The minute you go into a courtroom in this country, it is a matter of public records, whether you like it or not.
As soon as you ask the court's
to adjudicate a case, and you know, they ask for a jury trial.
That's a jury of your peers.
That's the public.
You know.
Can we pull so I can change batteries and types?
Do you need to do that?
How am I?
It just returns itself.
It's still going.
I'm just checking as I've gone through the chapter in the book, but there's nothing I need to.
You got Goulton's book, by the way?
No.
Did you?
Did he tell you anything?
I haven't read it yet.
It's his backup.
Yeah.
If you don't mind, I'm going to copy the title page on this, that's all.
Yep.
Ninety-eight.
Did he do anything in here about mind control?
Yeah, the brain works.
Yeah, I'm looking.
Mind control or mind control?
Media, media, marketing.
How about deprogramming?
Well, I would certainly make note of this.
I wish to help.
But this book is 98.
Yeah, that's good.
That's got the one.
Yeah, I just put all I want to do is copy that target.
How are we doing?
Yeah, you can have that as a copy of some copies.
Hold on.
Good.
I'm just looking through stuff now.
Any questions?
No.
I mean, the questions would all arise.
All right, here's a copy.
This is just a moratorium in Frederick.
We tried to assimilate this, so the questions would come by.
This is the, you know, this is all to stop him from building the Institute of Traditional Science.
Oh, is this Albion soil?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
And you have this?
That's the position.
Albion's the guy that could get to talk.
Did he sit around?
Yeah.
Well, he doesn't know anything.
He thought he was from Harvard, you know, there's not much.
Yeah.
card yeah this is i copied everything i don't think there's anything that you need if you want it you're certainly welcome to copy it all right so this is all basically stuff that would be if you're interested we can go through some of them later uh it's the individual yeah they're individual parcels the major instrument is the dolphin realty trust which but we have a bit
Okay, and then I'll... We're making a couple of stuff, which is useful.
I mean, it's interesting because he's got lots of people that you may not have... Is there anything in particular, anything else that you... No, I mean, you know, what I really want to do is get my... because all this is new.
So I had no intelligent questions to ask until, or even stupify, until I've... Simulated it, right?
Right.
I can't read this definition.
That's wonderful.
That's really...
And Nicole, I think, did do you the entire case, right?
Yeah.
That's fantastic.
Again, we've been through all the Antoine things.
This is all replication of stuff that we have.
Institute of Traditional Asylum.
Filing fee.
That's nothing.
I can't find it.
There are some other things here.
This is all stuff that we've been through.
I have a whole file of things here.
This file right here.
Materials that I received subsequent to the publication of the book.
In 1996, while I was out at the California Book Fair, which we just came from, we received a letter
If you get a copy of this, the final answer to my freedom of the information, you have to have this, because that is the document.
That's the salient document telling me that Ava no more.
Yeah, that's the letter from the general.
You have to have that.
But they were going to sue me for $15 million.
I had libel to him.
I got everything wrong.
Yeah, we went through this.
I hope I wasn't giving you something like...
a bit of coffee, but I've got to keep that.
These are all property transactions, sir.
I think I've already touched on this a little bit, that I was, had I not had that case in Kansas, and I would have been really very anxious about what was going on.
These are all property transactions.
But where the hell is the document?
Is this part of the document?
No mention of it.
Of which?
The 44 induction.
That's right.
That's from the government.
That's from the U.S.
government.
That is a document from the U.S.
I mean, come on.
Listen, although you know that yes or no, they have to listen.
They have to listen and to get what information you would volunteer.
All of which would be useful, whether it's true or, you know, whether it's possibly not.
The fact was that I needed to use confidence.
In this particular file, which we haven't been through yet, I mean, I'm happy to let you look at some of this stuff, but...
this is material that I received while they were threatening me to this libel post.
And, of course, while our lawyer was dealing with their lawyer, here's a letter from them.
These are the things that he finds wrong with the book.
And they're all, you know, the next, this is all wrong, a libelist per se, false and definitively statements, gravely in Jerome Moore's reputation in business.
They've caused him severe violence, but they never did anything.
I mean, they threatened to assume that they never did anything.
My feeling is, if I lie, will you sue me?
If you believe I lie, will you sue me?
Let's have it out in court.
Let's go do it."
They backed away.
They backed away because they tried to—this is what he claimed as the factual background.
He completed high school.
He went to the Army.
This is what he probably told me yesterday.
I'll let you copy this.
I'm not under any obligation.
I will let him come.
Now I have stuff here.
This is a thing, Combat Actions in Korea.
He sent this one.
This is a letter from Haven to his lawyer.
This supposedly describes his combat experiences.
So Haven gave it to his lawyer, who gave it to our lawyer.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, because they were trying to say he served in the Army.
His Army service was very, very important to him.
And so in this edition of the book, I took out all mentions of the Army service.
I did.
Not because I believe they were wrong, because I do believe that with this information, they were incomplete.
I now believe that he did serve a second tour of duty.
I didn't know that when I wrote the book.
because I didn't know he had a third name.
I didn't know he was Richard H. Moore.
Had I known he was Richard H. Moore, and then he went in under another number, not his Social Security number, he went in under another number, not his Social Security number.
I mean, it was a direct deception.
It follows through.
That's why they couldn't find the paperwork for me.
That file there came after we knew who Richard H. Moore was.
Now they put the two together for me.
You know what I'm saying?
Is that difficult?
Or maybe it's, uh, no, I understand.
Uh, yes.
Service history.
Oh, I'm off?
Well, okay, cool.